Progress Site Docs (#2684)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/progress/index.mdx

---
title: Progress
sidebar:
  label: Progress 🚧
data:

>   description: "CircularProgress and LinearProgress communicate the status of an ongoing operation, such as file downloads or data uploads. The two components accommodate different layout constraints."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Circular Progress and Linear Progress communicate the status of an ongoing operation, such as file downloads or data uploads. The two components accommodate different layout constraints."
```
would this work better since they aren't in code

  # Fill in the info from the content template's "Metadata" table below.
  # To omit optional items, comment them out with #
  sourceCodeUrl: "https://github.com/jpmorganchase/salt-ds/tree/main/packages/lab/src/progress"
  package:
    name: "@salt-ds/lab"

>   alsoKnownAs: [Progress Bar, Progress Indicator]

Reviewer 2: Very surprised to see this is valid without `"`

---
title: Progress
sidebar:
  label: Progress 🚧
data:

>   description: "`CircularProgress` and `LinearProgress` communicate the status of an ongoing operation, such as file downloads or data uploads. The two components accommodate different layout constraints."

Reviewer 2: Back tick doesn't work here

  # Fill in the info from the content template's "Metadata" table below.
  # To omit optional items, comment them out with #
  sourceCodeUrl: "https://github.com/jpmorganchase/salt-ds/tree/main/packages/lab/src/progress"
  package:
    name: "@salt-ds/lab"
  alsoKnownAs: [Progress Bar, Progress Indicator]
  relatedComponents: []
  # stickerSheet: "https://figma.com/..."
  status: Lab component
# Leave this as is
layout: DetailComponent

> # TODO: Remove this once the docs are ready

Author: ```suggestion
```
